---
layout: post
title:  "Back to School Eve (Why Programming?)"
date:   2016-11-09 17:10:54 +0000
---

The professional student...it seems to be a problem for this generation, but I'll give it another try. Every new year, quarter or semester that I have taken in my time has always had the same excitement the night before the first day. This time though, as much excitement as I have, I additionally have the feeling like I am also jumping out of a plane and hoping my parachute goes off this time. "What color is your parachute?" A good book I read a few months ago, that actually helped this decision to go back to get a little education. Currently, I have a B.S. in Zoology and a M.S. in Biology. So, why am I going back to school? Due to one of my favorite classes I took, Genetics.While I was starting out with my degree, I started having severe disc degeneration at a young age. But my dream for being a Wildlife Biologist, who surveyed forests for endangered species was still very strong. However, here I am 3 back surgeries in and have yet to find a full time job that has anything to do with animals with a decent pay that can back a Master's degree debt, and doesn't require me to lift over 5 to 10 lbs. So why programming? I find myself in front of a computer more than any other place and I enjoy that. Computers have chairs...or in my case a reclined couch. That means comfy! That means I can be productive and be able to use my logic and scientific skills that I have learned over the years. Over the years, computers have been very important to me, especially since I met my husband Joe. My best friends are those who I have met online. Today, as I write this, just ended a stay-cation for my husband and I where we invited 3 other people, one from Canada and a couple from Tennessee to stay at our house to see California and to go to a nerdy convention together. Computers brings people together. I met my husband on a on-line dating site. Computers are changing the world and I want to be a part of that. Although this is career change is forcing me to pursue more schooling, I am not really taking it as "school" in that form of the word. This is a personal journey of knowledge that I will be conquering in this reclining couch and will have to be self-motivated every day to stay on task. Today I planned out a 4 month plan that will be realistic to help me finish this program. I am currently a month and two days post-op from my last surgery, so breaks to stand, walk, lie down will have to be very planned. By my nature if something isn't planned, I go crazy, so I don't see too much of an issue. But we will see what tomorrow holds for me. Back to School Eve...Take 88. ACTION!
